change readme.md to use updated engine filename (#19)
bes-dev/stable_diffusion.openvino: README.md

### Example Text-To-Image
```bash

> python stable_diffusion_engine.py --prompt "Street-art painting of Emilia Clarke in style of Banksy, photorealism"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python demo.py --prompt "Street-art painting of Emilia Clarke in style of Banksy, photorealism"
```

```

### Example Image-To-Image
```bash

> python stable_diffusion_engine.py --prompt "Photo of Emilia Clarke with a bright red hair" --init-image ./data/input.png --strength 0.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python demo.py --prompt "Photo of Emilia Clarke with a bright red hair" --init-image ./data/input.png --strength 0.5
```

```

### Example Inapinting
```bash

> python stable_diffusion_engine.py --prompt "Photo of Emilia Clarke with a bright red hair" --init-image ./data/input.png --mask ./data/mask.png --strength 0.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python demo.py --prompt "Photo of Emilia Clarke with a bright red hair" --init-image ./data/input.png --mask ./data/mask.png --strength 0.5
```
